Sharded DDP Docs (#4920)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/performance.rst

    CUDA_LAUNCH_BLOCKING=1 python main.py

.. tip:: We also recommend using 16-bit native found in PyTorch 1.6. Just install this version and Lightning will automatically use it.

----------

Use Sharded DDP for GPU memory and scaling optimization
-------------------------------------------------------

Sharded DDP is a lightning integration of `DeepSpeed ZeRO <https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.02054>`_ and
`ZeRO-2 <https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/blog/zero-2-deepspeed-shattering-barriers-of-deep-learning-speed-scale/>`_
provided by `Fairscale <https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale>`_.

When training on multiple GPUs sharded DDP can assist to increase memory efficiency substantially, and in some cases performance on multi-node is better than traditional DDP.
This is due to efficient communication and parallelization under the hood.

> Before running, install Fairscale using the command below or install all extras using ``pip install pytorch-lightning["extra"]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Optimizer Sharded Training, you need to first install Fairscale using the command below or install all extras using ``pip install pytorch-lightning["extra"]``.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale/archive/master.zip

.. code-block:: python

    # train using Sharded DDP
    trainer = Trainer(accelerator='ddp', plugins='ddp_sharded')

> Sharded DDP can work across all DDP variants by adding the additional ``--plugins ddp_sharded`` flag.

Reviewer 2: do we need it twice,m it the same as above, rather make cross-reference?
